When I teach on you to me I'm not just here to help myself I'm here to help you.
I want you guys to succeed.
It's one of the most important things to me here on you to me is to make sure that you guys succeed.
One of the ways that I can help you guys succeed is by answering your questions.
I know when you're taking an online course.
A lot of questions will come up or you might have a special situation where you need answers to questions
while you're on your way to me.
You can go to the Q&A section of the course and ask me any questions you have about character design
and I will answer every single one of them.
Now I might not get back to them within 24 hours but I will get back to them and I'll answer the questions
to the best of my ability.
All you'll do is you'll type right here and you can search a question to see if any other students have
already asked it if they haven't asked the question yet.
Go ahead and hit ask a new question and you'll type your question title and then type in what your question
is and the description then post your question.
And please don't be afraid to ask any questions.
There is no such thing as a dumb question in my courses.
Also I love to hear from my students and learn what they're doing.
So I'd really appreciate it if you also typed in here a little message to me and all the other students
in the course about who you are.
What type of artist you are or if you're not an artist at all and you're looking to learn how to create
art.
We're all very interested in learning this.
I want this to be a very big support group for all of us to learn and grow.
It can be really hard to do something all by yourself but when you have the support of all these people
behind you it can be a lot easier.
I'm really excited to take you through this course and see your guys artwork.
Thank you for watching this lecture.